feat: Add a rds-instance-stop chaos fault (#710)
litmuschaos/litmus-go: experiments/kube-aws/rds-instance-stop/README.md

## Experiment Metadata

<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Name </th>
    <th> Description </th>
    <th> Documentation Link </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> RDS Instance Stop </td>

>     <td> This experiment causes termination of an RDS instance before bringing it back to available state using the instance identifier after the specified chaos duration. We can also control the number of target instance using instance affected percentage</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This experiment causes the state change of an RDS instance to be in stopped state before bringing it back to available using the instance identifier after the specified chaos duration. We can also control the number of target instance using the instance affected percentage</td>
```

>     <td>  <a href="https://litmuschaos.github.io/litmus/experiments/categories/aws/rds-instance-stop/"> Here </a> </td>

Reviewer: Need to add this document then provide the URL
